Divs can be singular or nested within each other. This element is heavily used by developers to increase structural clarity and identify element groups. This in turn, increases readability. Where as classes group similar types of elements together by using the same name value. This allows for easy styling of these elements with same CSS code. These are both very different ways of building blocks of pages, another different block is spans. Spans can exist within divs, and do not create full-width blocks. It serves to identify or group content together that requires organization or extra styling, but you can have multiple span elements inside a div. Lastly we have ids or global identifier,” they take as its value a string, which should be a unique identifier to that specific element.
Some advantages of Youtube include the fact that accounts on YouTube are free, including business accounts, and there are no limits on how much video you can upload. This creates an amazingly entry point for anyone wishing to create a YouTube channel for their videos. A disadvantages is the fact that viewers on the YouTube website have to deal with video ads. They interrupt the video at random points, and a lot of viewers will leave in annoyance. An advantage of Vimeo is that privacy settings give you detailed control over who can see your videos. Among other choices, you can password-protect a video or specify which accounts can view it. YouTube gives only public, unlisted, and private options. A disadvantage is you can't accept ads to sponsor your videos, possibly steering individuals away.
A major challenge I had with assignment-8 is finding the embeded code from youtube and soundcloud. Once I figured it out, I was extremely relieved and I am happy with how my website turned out. 
